content/en/research/_index.md, before:

---
title: "研究テーマ"
date: 2024-11-13
---

## 順天堂大学健康データサイエンス学部　大学院医学研究科

## スポーツ流体力学研究室　計算バイオエンジニアリング研究室

### スポーツ流体力学研究室
マルチモーダルセンサーによる歩行計測とデータ解析：当プロジェクトでは、さまざまなセンサーを利用して人間の歩行パターンを計測し、そのデータを解析することで、健康状態や運動機能の評価を目指しています。この研究は、リハビリテーションや運動科学の分野に対して新たな洞察を提供することが期待されています。

モーションキャプチャーサポート加速度センサーを使って人の動作を計測し、運動のパフォーマンスを上げる研究を行っている。また、ポータルの導入の流れをコンピュータで解析し、特に異常がないの野球の研究を行っている。

---

### 計算バイオエンジニアリング研究室
マルチモーダルセンサーによる歩行計測とデータ解析。

スーパーコンピュータに基づく脳シミュレーション：理化学研究所「富岳」を使用したこのプロジェクトでは、人間の脳の動作をシミュレーションすることで、脳の疾患や機能に関する理解を深めます。このシミュレーションにより新しい脳疾患の治療法や予防法の開発に寄与することが期待されています。

人間の視覚特性に基づく画像/ビデオの圧縮方法の研究：日本学術振興会科研費（若手）プロジェクト、人間の視覚特性を考慮した効率的な画像/ビデオ圧縮技術の開発を進めています。この技術は、データ圧縮の効率化やストレージコストの削減に貢献することが期待されています。

---

&copy; スポーツ流体力学研究室　計算バイオエンジニアリング研究室

Commit message:

Add research page for English content

content/en/research/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Research Themes"
date: 2024-11-13
---

## Juntendo University Faculty of Health and Sports Science, Graduate School of Medicine

## Sports Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, Computational Bioengineering Laboratory

### Sports Fluid Dynamics Laboratory
Multimodal Sensor-Based Gait Measurement and Data Analysis: This project aims to measure human gait patterns using various sensors and analyze the data to assess health status and motor functions. The research is expected to provide new insights in the fields of rehabilitation and sports science.

Research Using Motion Capture Supported Accelerometers: We are conducting research to measure human movements and enhance performance using motion capture supported accelerometers. Additionally, the analysis of the portal installation process is conducted through computers, with a focus on research in baseball with no abnormalities detected.

---

### Computational Bioengineering Laboratory
Multimodal Sensor-Based Gait Measurement and Data Analysis

Brain Simulation Based on Supercomputers: This project, using the RIKEN supercomputer "Fugaku," simulates human brain activity to deepen understanding of brain diseases and functions. This simulation is expected to contribute to the development of new treatments and preventive methods for brain disorders.

Research on Image/Video Compression Methods Based on Human Visual Characteristics: This project, supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) KAKENHI for young researchers, is developing efficient image and video compression techniques considering human visual characteristics. This technology is expected to contribute to more efficient data compression and reduced storage costs

---

&copy; Sports Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, Computational Bioengineering Laboratory
